Vallox switch platform (#24963)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vallox.markdown

The **fan** platform of this integration allows you to turn on/off the complete unit via the toggle switch and to select a ventilation profile.

> The **sensor** platform that exposes a number of relevant metrics like fan speed, various air temperatures and humidity.
> 
> The **switch** platform allows to lock heat recovery bypass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **sensor** platform exposes a number of relevant metrics like fan speed, various air temperatures, and humidity.

The **switch** platform allows locking heat recovery bypass.
```
